uh you know the next stock is I say I
said Lombard which reported numbers uh
earlier I mean early part of last week
my colleague Yash caught up with bhargav
Das Gupta the managing director and
Chief Financial Officer of the company
chief executive officer partner of the
company started by asking his
expectations on the growth that the
company will be able to do in F5 24
listen
pandemics of the industry is changing as
we speak um there is a lot of regulatory
changes that are being brought about
which uh really improves the ease of
doing business allows us to launch new
products which earlier would take a lot
of time to get approval and in a sense
be a lot more agile and flexible in the
products and businesses that you focus
on correct and that's a big advantage
and the only segment that we are still
cautious is the motor segment
particularly the private car segment
where we are finding that the combined
issue for the industry is roughly about
118 if you see the nine month later now
118 combined is doesn't make it viable
to write this business
while I say that I'm beginning to see
signs of people taking some uh you know
sensible calls in terms of uh being more
disciplined about pricing you will have
to wait to see that happen apart from
motor if I look at our other lines of
business help is going faster than the
market and we believe it will continue
to do so
a corporate lines across board we've
gained Market leadership in most lines
of business we've been gaining market
share it's a very profitable segment of
business and we will continue to do so
um so on balance coming back to your uh
question on where do we see the growth
and the combined ratio we think we will
grow faster than the market we believe
the market growth this year should be
within 15 to 20 okay and our combined
ratio which was about 104 last year what
we've said to the toll to the market is
that over the next two years we want to
bring it to 102. what is your
expectation and if a price increase on
the TP side comes through what it should
come as in the form of numbers which
which helps you helps keep companies
their head above the water so if you see
over the years we've seen typically the
increases have been around seven to
eight percent
the expectation is that maybe the roads
are becoming a bit safer safer so the
frequency should drop gradually we've
not seen that in this year though you've
seen action frequencies you know
excellent aggregate number is pretty
high but if I look at a trend line over
the last seven eight years frequencies
have come down so if you get a seven to
ten percent increase even though
inflation may be higher I think that
would be adequate to hold on to the
levels of loss ratio today would that be
adequate to make your make you change
your strategy towards motor we would
definitely look at certain pockets
that's I say lumbar for you by the way
market